(gentle music)
(birds chirping)
- [Bell] Good morning, Lili.
- Hey, Master Bell, top
of the morning.
So our first expedition
turned out to be
kind of a nightmare, didn't it?
- (chuckles) You aren't kidding.
I'm sure everyone must
be exhausted.
Let's take it easy for
a little while.
Now that we've reached
the safe zone,
we can go back to
the surface anytime.
- Master Bell.
- Hmm?
- Can you spare some time
for me later?
I'd like a chance to talk to you
one-on-one if that's all right.
- You wanna talk right now?
- It can wait.
Let's chat after you
take care of business
and have nothing else to do.
- [Bell] Sure, sounds good.
(Opening song)
- It's about time that
we had another Denatus.
Can hardly remember
when the last one was.
- Come on, don't you
remember when Ikelos
caused all that fuss?
- Oh yeah.
That's why it got
postponed, right?
- The Denatus is our
traditional meeting
every year for us Gods,
but small talk and gossip
are really the only
things that happen here.
- You said it my friend.
The gods are only here
to kill time, honestly.
- Yeah, but there's
something important going on
that I absolutely had to
show up for.
- [Hephaistos] I heard
all about it, Hestia.
- Hey, Hephaistos.
- On the lower floors,
your children
ran into some real trouble.
But if I heard right,
now they're safe back
on the 18th.
- That's exactly what
I'm hearing too.
And everybody made
it back alive.
- Great, I'm sure it was a
productive experience for them.
- I'm looking forward to all
the stories they'll bring back.
- (chuckles) Which is
all the more reason
we have to have this
meeting today.
- And the naming ceremony
for the adventurers.
- I gotta work this
so both Bell and Welf
can somehow walk away
with decent nicknames.
- Same for Chigusa,
my other children.
Gotta make sure they
don't end up with one like
Mikoto's Absolute Shadow.
- Behold, I am Ganesha
and I have been
assigned the role
of mediator for this Denatus.
Who's ready for Ganesha?
(crowd murmurs)
Now, the alias for Welf Crozzo
from the Hestia Familia.
Written as Durae
but read as Ignis,
Ganesha herby grants the
name Ignis Never Cold.
(gong bangs)
(Hestia sighs)
Now, last up, it's time
to discuss the new alias
for the ever popular
Bell Cranel.
(crowd cheering)
- [Crowd Member] But we
just gave him an alias
not too long ago.
- [Crowd Member] It's
incredibly fast, unbelievable.
- [Freya] Might I offer a
suggestion?
- [Crowd Member] Oh,
from Lady Freya?
- [Crowd Member] Little rookie
must have caught her eye.
- [Crowd Member] Seriously,
are you part
of Bell's fan club now?
- Indeed.
It was after I saw him battle
that monster the other day.
I must admit he really
got my heart pounding.
- Well Freya,
that's nice and all,
but this is my Bell
we're talking about,
so you better come up with
a darn good name for him.
Something regal and courageous.
- Of course, have no
worries, Hestia.
(Hestia cackles)
So hear me out, I suggest
we call him Vanadis Odr.
'tis a fitting name.
(gong bangs)
- Oh hell no.
You don't get to call
him husband!
Bell is my Familia,
mine you floozy!
- Don't like my idea?
- [Hestia] There's nothing
to like about it, tramp!
- That's what happens
when you've got nothing
but booty on the brain.
I've actually got
my own idea, guys.
How's about Loizarus?
(gong bangs)
- Where do you get off
calling Bell your boy toy?
Start taking this seriously.
- Up here.
I've got a really
good one, guys.
How's Chestnut Cream?
(gong bangs)
- [Crowd Member] Are
you kidding me?
That doesn't even make sense.
- [Crowd Member] Marry me,
Bell, I hear Wedding Bells!
- [Ganesha] Hot damn,
that's a good one.
- [Crowd Member] I think Lady
Freya's getting ticked off.
- What do you think of
this one, Mimirin!
- You're just being silly.
- [Crowd Member] Anybody
else have an idea?
- Yeah, just leave it to me.
You remember the rumors
from a while ago about
that kid who has the hots
for the monsters, right?
- Oh yeah. I did hear
something about that guy.
- So if you think about it.
- Oh, I get ya.
Bell is a fella
who gets turned on
by humans, monsters
and even Gods.
- [Both] I know, Okay With All!
(crowd jeering)
(Hestia screaming)
- Stop it right now!
Quit acting like my Bell is just
a plaything for your amusement!
- Calm down, Hestia.
- [Hestia] I'll calm down after
they shut their freaking faces!
Man, everyone made
fun of us today.
- You gonna be okay Hestia?
- No surprise, since
your Familia
is rising up in the world.
Just part of the rite of
passage.
- Come on. All's
well that ends well.
You stood firm and managed
to make sure his
name's rather innocuous.
- Yeah, I guess you're right.
Rabbit's Foot.
(gong bangs)
That's going to be your
new second name, Bell.
Hope you like it.
- [Bell] How is everyone doing?
- [Luvis] Getting
better every day.
The healer says that everyone
is making good progress
on their way to recovery.
- Same over here.
We're all doing well
with no problems.
We really owe you big time
- You guys, I'm sorry.
- We couldn't fully heal you.
- It's fine.
I consider myself lucky.
I truthfully shouldn't
even be alive
after all that happened.
So don't let it bother you.
In fact, we only have
ourselves to blame
for getting into that
mess in the first place.
It's simply the nature of going
on adventures in the dungeon.
There's always a price
that we must pay,
especially when
seeking the unknown.
It's a reality we must accept.
After we return to the surface,
we'll visit the
Dian Cecht Familia
and have them outfit us with
some good prosthetic limbs.
I can already imagine our patron
God whining up a storm
when he finds out
that we'll also be
living in debt.
You have my thanks, Bell Cranel.
On the honor of my name,
Luvis Lilix,
I swear to return the
favor to you someday.
You are an ally to the
elves, so thank you.
- Thanks Luvis.
- Does everything have to be
so dramatic with you Elves?
But seriously, thanks
a million guys.
If you ever find
yourself in trouble,
then we'll come help you out.
- Yeah, we really
appreciate that, Dormul.
- Oh, one more thing for
the little Prum lady here.
I gotta say, the speech
you gave to everyone
after we thought all hope
was lost, it really hit home.
That lit a fire in us.
- You really mean that?
- Absolutely, you were a
true inspiration to us all.
Truthfully speaking,
without true encouragement
I doubt we would've held
on as long as we did.
- Yep, you make one
hell of a strategist.
- Well, it was no big deal.
So, by the way, Master Bell,
are you all finished with
your business for the day?
If you've got some free time,
then maybe we can
have that chat?
- [Bell] Oh, not yet.
Sorry Lili.
I need to go see Ouka
and Chigusa real quick.
They also wanted
to speak with me.
I can talk to you right
after that if that's okay.
- That sounds good.
- I really screwed
things up back there.
I allowed Chigusa to get hurt
and failed my responsibility
as a vanguard.
I apologize.
- Ouka, no, please don't
take on all the blame.
I mean, I was the one who
dragged the party down in the
end.
- But still
- Come on, please stop, you two.
You were already doing
us a huge favor
by agreeing to come with us.
- Is that what they wanted
to talk to him about?
Master Ouka and Lady Chigusa
are some good people.
- [Ouka] Even so, I keep
thinking about it.
If I had just kept her
safe during the attack,
then we wouldn't have been
in such a bad situation.
- [Chigusa] Ouka.
- We're all allies.
No matter what Familia we're in.
We cooperate to cover
for whatever is missing,
and we prop each other up
when mistakes are made.
That's how a party works.
It's why we survived
that adventure.
In the end, I think that's
all that really matters.
- Impressive. Master Bell's
really come into his own.
I'm gonna make sure he listens
to everything I have to say.
- [Daphne] Look, there he is.
- [Bell] Hey Daphne.
Hey Cassandra.
- We're having some
trouble, Bell.
Help us out!
Can we borrow him for a sec?
- Oh, pretty, pretty please.
- Well, I think we've said
everything that needs to be
said.
- Great, let's go.
(Bell screams)
- They just hauled him away.
- [Worker 1] Ryu still
hasn't come back, huh?
- [Worker 2 Yeah, this is the
third Day
since she went meout.
- I know she makes it a habit
of disappearing
from time to time,
but I don't think she's
ever left a note before.
- She's been on pins
and needles lately,
and I kind of think she
was remembering stuff
about her past.
- It gives me a sinking feline.
I know nothing bad
has happened yet
but we might be about
to have some purroblems.
- Shh.
(door slams)
- Quit slacking, you
bunch of dum-dums.
Wake up and get ready for
tonight's rush.
- Mama Mia, do you know
what's been going on?
- If she didn't tell you
anything,
she sure as hell didn't tell me.
Good grief, never should
have hired that elf.
- Oh, come on.
Bringing Bell Cranel with
you isn't fair.
- What, it's totally fair.
We're in the same party.
Right?
- That's right.
I had them join me
on an expedition.
- (grunts) All right
then, can't deny I owe you
from back when that Black
Goliath went on a rampage.
I'll give you a discount,
but it's a one-time deal.
- Thank you.
- You're a lifesaver.
Thanks a bunch Bell.
We needed to stock up on
items for the trip back,
but he was charging us an arm
and a leg.
- [Bell] Oh yeah?
- They're using Master Bell
like a stinking coupon.
Man, that rubs me the wrong way.
They just took the deal
that we should have gotten.
- I know you're
level four and all,
so this may seem like I'm
just stating the obvious,
but I was honestly surprised
by how tough you've become.
Once you got back to us,
I didn't expect you to
defeat that monster yourself.
You made beating
the crap out of it
look so easy.
It's like we had
nothing to worry about.
Seriously, I'm impressed.
- I also wanted
to say thank you,
you know, for proving
my clairvoyance wrong.
- Clairvoyance?
(Daphne laughs)
- Sorry, you'll have
to forgive Cassandra
for all the crazy talk.
Just know that we are
really grateful to you.
- Here you go.
This might put me out of
business.
- I wanted to ask you, Daphne,
how'd Lili fare as a
strategist, anyway?
- From what I saw, she
has a talent for it.
She showed solid and fair
judgment and made quick
decisions.
And most importantly, she was
striving to fill the role.
- Oh gosh, really?
All I did was frantically try
to keep everybody from dying!
- Oh hey, it's Master Bell.
Hey there you guys.
Lady Haruhime and I were
just about to have some tea.
Would you three care to join us?
- Nah, I think we're good,
Mikato.
Thanks for your help, Bell
Cranel.
Appreciate it.
- We'll hand him over
to you now.
(cheerful music)
- Hand him over to you my butt.
I'm the one who keeps
giving up the time
with Master Bell for
all this crap.
- She got to use her new magic.
Bell, it was absolutely
incredible.
- Call forth Tamamo!
The yellow hair King
of Nine Tails!
Oh mystic beast,
may you consume all
and grant every wish.
Dance and whirl.
- Lady Haruhime
looked truly majestic
as she cast level boost on us.
I really wish you could
have seen it yourself,
Master Bell.
- I don't deserve
so much praise.
- Come on, you gotta
make sure he's aware
of this kind of stuff,
because that's the key
to getting Master Bell
to fall in love with you.
- [Haruhime] Fall
in love? Oh my!
- So me getting separated
from the party
put a lot of stress on you, huh?
Hestia told me about
the Kokonoe spell.
She said it uses a great
deal of magic power,
and she told me that using it
would take a major toll on you.
- I appreciate your concern
Master Bell,
but really, I'm fine.
Just take a look at how
much energy I have now.
- Oh hey, Master Bell,
if you don't mind,
I'd love to hear what
happened to you
after you got separated
from the rest of us.
- Oh, please, I'd also
like to hear the story
- Man, that's exactly what
I was planning to ask him later.
- And after that I had to fight
against a really fast
monster called Iguazu.
Then I met Marie.
I mean, I rushed all
the way back
so I could rejoin you
guys as soon as possible.
- You survived dropping
all the way down
the Great Falls.
Incredible.
- Oh, and tell us about
fighting the Iguazu.
I've heard they're one of the
fastest things in the dungeon.
- Yep, even faster than
the Moss Huge.
- Oh, it's just like you're
a hero from fairy tales,
Master Bell.
- (groans) This sucks!
I was going to ask Master
Bell about that first,
and then I could have
been the one praising him!
- Anyway, that was fun.
See ya!
- Goodbye for now.
- Good, looks like it's
finally my turn.
But I have to be quick.
Don't wanna miss my chance.
- [Bors] Yo, Bell,
you're just in time, baby!
- Not these meatheads!
(all laughing)
- What are you guys up to?
- These guys won't
stop asking me
about all the crazy stuff
that happened
on the lower floors.
Join us for story time.
- Like right now?
- Oh, what kind of
question is that, huh?
The night's just
getting started.
Come on, you need to
live it up, Bell.
- [Bell] But, hold on.
I actually have plans tonight.
- [Crowd] It's okay Bell,
they can wait.
Quit your whining and get
moving.
(Lili sighs)
- Geez, the nerves
of some people.
- Step right up, get the latest
straight from the surface.
It's sure to shock and amaze!
How about it?
Come find the latest, folks.
It won't be cheap, but I
can tell you the new name
that the Gods gave
the famous Bell Cranel.
- Master Bell?
(upbeat music)
- Oh boy, you really
are something else.
Not only did you fight
that big bastard
on your first expedition,
but your entire party made it
back alive.
- That's true.
But it was a group effort.
- Come on kid, you don't
gotta be so modest.
(crowd laughs)
- Gross, uncultured swine.
Dunno how people put up with
adventurers.
But it doesn't matter.
Then nobody will be left to
bother us.
I can have a nice chat with
Master Bell,
and then I'll get to
also share the news
about his brand new alias.
- A'ight, I think
it's about time
I shared a big old juicy
piece of news with ya.
- Juicy news?
- This tidbit just came in
from the surface earlier today.
The Gods have decided on a new
second name for the Little
Rookie.
(crowd cheering)
- No, that's my juicy news!
- Now listen up, my friends,
from this point on the
little rookie
will be known as Rabbit's Foot.
Raise your mugs, boys!
This calls for a
celebratory drink.
(crowd cheering)
- Rabbit's Foot, huh?
Well, I guess it's
better than tomato head.
- Why do you adventurers
have to ruin everything?
I was the one who should have
broken that news to him!
And I paid a bunch of
money to learn about it!
(Lili groans)
Dang it.
I have had it.
So many stupid, stupid heads.
- [woman] Oh goodness.
I'm feeling so hot and
bothered right now.
I can't stand it.
Hey, Rabbit Food!
- I think it's Rabbit's Foot.
- (laughs) Oh, whatever.
You're gonna return all the
favors I've done for you.
Tonight, Rabbit Hood.
- [Bell] Like I
keep telling you,
it's Rabbit's Foot!
- [woman] Rabbit Whatever!
(smoke busts)
(crowd coughing)
(indistinct chatters)
- [Crowd Member] What the hell?
- [Crowd Member] Run from it!
(Lili and Bell panting)
- Thanks for the save, Lili.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to
keep you waiting.
So what is it that you
wanted to talk about anyway?
- It's fine, I don't
need to bother you.
- Huh?
- You've already
heard the things
I wanted to ask
and talk about.
Seems like everyone else
beat me to the punch, though.
Like what happened to you
after we got separated,
and about my job
as a strategist,
and even the news about
your nickname, too.
But it ended up a good thing.
You know why?
I could tell you're still
the same old Bell.
- What do you mean by that?
- To be honest, I've had
my concerns about you
ever since the incident
with the Xenos happened.
Oh, I don't know.
Not sure how to put this,
it seemed like you
were running off
into a different world
from the rest of us.
I couldn't shake that feeling,
but now I know that's wrong.
I just know this.
It may be true that you've
gotten a whole lot stronger
than you used to be in the past,
but you're still the
same Master Bell I know.
A brave man with a kind heart
who never ever gives up.
- [Bell] Lili!
(soft music)
- You are still the same
Master Bell
who called my name and
saved me many times.
You haven't changed one
bit since we first met.
- Lili.
Listen, sorry if I worried you.
(peaceful music)
- (giggles) Actually,
maybe you have changed
in some ways.
Like turning into more of a
womanizer.
(Bell exclaims)
(Lili laughing)
- Oh, by the way,
I heard from everyone
in the party
a lot about what happened
the other day.
What is it you said to them
after we got separated?
You really instilled
hope in the whole team.
- Huh?
I'm not leaving any of
you here to die.
I refuse to give up
and run away.
You hear me?
That's my duty because
I am his supporter!
That's a secret, Master Bell.
- What?
You can tell me.
- Nuh-uh, it's top secret.
Hey, Master Bell.
Congrats on your name,
Mr. Rabbit's Foot.
I think it really suits you
perfectly.
- Well thank you, Lili.
(knife slashing)
(person screams)
- No, don't!
Please, you gotta spare me!
I'm begging you!
I don't know anything!
Don't do it!
Please, no!
- Wow, we kept chatting
for so long
that the sun came up, huh?
- Yeah.
It's been a nice time.
(runners panting)
- What's going on?
- I'm not sure.
- Really? And you're
not bullshitting me?
- You know I would never
lie about this.
- Hey Bors.
- Oh, little rookie.
Nevermind, I mean Rabbit's Foot.
- Is there something going on?
- It's a murder.
A man has been killed on
the outskirts of town.
- And you're sure it wasn't
a monster that did it?
- Hell no, I saw the
culprit myself.
The Gale Wind.
The blacklisted
adventurer did this.
The Gale Wind murdered him.
- Come on, there's
no time to waste.
Let's go, Rabbit's Foot.
You should come with us.
We have to see what's going on.
- Oh no. Master Bell, are they
talking about who I think?
- No way.
Impossible, that can't be true.
Ryu would never murder someone.
(Ending Song)
- [Announcer] Next time:
Cassandra Ilion.